DOCSP-41955: Connect to MongoDB (#100)
mongodb/docs-php-library: source/get-started/connect-to-mongodb.txt

      the ``movies`` collection in the ``sample_mflix`` database:

      .. literalinclude:: /includes/get-started/quickstart.php
         :language: php
         :dedent:

   .. step:: Assign the connection string

      Replace the ``<connection string>`` placeholder with the 
      connection string that you copied from the :ref:`php-connection-string`
      step of this guide.

   .. step:: Run your PHP application

      In your project directory, run the following shell command to start the application:
      
      .. code-block:: bash

         php quickstart.php

      The command line output contains details about the retrieved movie
      document:

      .. code-block:: none
         :copyable: false

         {
             "_id": {
                 "$oid": "..."
             },
             ...
            "rated": "R",
            "metacritic": 80,
            "title": "The Shawshank Redemption",
            ...
         }

      If you encounter an error or see no output, ensure that you specified the
      proper connection string in the ``quickstart.php`` file and that you loaded the
      sample data.

> After you complete these steps, you have a working application that
> uses the {+php-library+} to connect to your MongoDB deployment, runs a query on
> the sample data, and prints out the result.

Reviewer: S: Even though the grammar is correct here, the different clauses give the impression of wrong parallelism.
Maybe reword: eg
```suggestion
After you complete these steps, you have a PHP application that
connects to your MongoDB deployment, runs a query on
the sample data, and returns a matching document.
```
